First, we asked the branch for permission.
Once they gave us approval,
we began to make preparations
for the assembly,
though we had absolutely nothing.
So one brother lent us a property
for the assembly site.
Our brothers have brought
many different skills to the project.
There are metalworkers,
cabinetmakers, and bricklayers.
Many brothers
have given of their resources
and used their abilities
so that this project could go ahead.
This has really made us stand out here.
People were asking each other:
“What is happening here?”
and “Who paid for all of this?”
They say people are surprised
at how many workers are coming to help.
And I wonder,
‘If this is getting attention now,
what will the assembly be like?’
A comfortable, practical,
and secure Assembly Hall
was constructed using materials
acquired locally.
Expectations grew
as the special day drew closer,
and when it finally arrived,
those in attendance
experienced something truly moving.
With Jehovah’s help,
many interested ones,
along with our brothers and sisters,
have come here today
to celebrate our first assembly
in the Bribri language.
Friends, this is wonderful!
When the program started in Bribri, I cried.
I’m so happy
to have participated in the assembly,
especially because it’s in my own language.
It’s what we wanted.
We hope it continues just like this.
We walked a long way to invite these people,
and to see them here,
it makes me very happy.
The information presented
in the local language
touched many hearts.
This was truly a historic event
for our indigenous brothers in Costa Rica.
Jehovah has made it possible
for more people in this isolated region
to enjoy his spiritual blessing.